This week we have started working on our project in an agile manner. Monday's lecture contained valuable exercises on user stories, where stories can be likened to slicing a cake. This metaphor was helpful to have in mind when we earlier this week started to write our first user stories. Before we could write any user stories we did need to come up with a project idea. 

The whole team met up on Tuesday to share ideas and we came up with an app that aids the user how to properly recycle items. We aim this app to a younger audience since it might not be obvious to them in which recycle bin to throw waste. The idea is to use Google's image recognition API Cloud Vision which (hopefully) returns the name of the object that was photographed. E.g., if you photo a banana, we will map that towards a database that we create that contains recycle classifications for different items. So the banana will map to organic material which should be thrown in the compost recycle bin. With this app we aim to target climate goal 13, climate action. After we decided on this idea, we drew some initial mockups by hand and wrote our business model canvas. I have for some time been interested in learning Figma, so I decided to try and make a Figma mockup which turned out well for a first-time Figma user. Figma was a great and fun tool to use, and I hope to utilize it more in the future. 

During Wednesday's presentations, it was interesting to listen to the other group's project ideas and I was impressed with the fact that every group had come up with something different but still had a connection to the SDGs. I was pleased with our presentation and we got some valuable feedback from Joerg, mainly about slimming down the project scope to be able to deliver something usable at the end of the project.

 On Thursday we again met as a team, this time remote, to write user stories and familiarize ourselves with Jira. We utilized much of the scrum theory we learned last week as well as the cake analogy we learned during Monday's lecture. It resulted in a dozen user stories which we intend to “slim down” further into manageable tasks. This is the plan for next week together with creating our first sprint and selecting appropriate stories for this initial sprint.